what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee . 
i am surprised that the committee to rise and make it does not really know what independent senators . 
i am not so that concern for the time . 
the selection committee can show some impact . 
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator . 
it is important to a committee , as to what they actually , supposedly new Senate committee sit some senators . 
i am therefore introduced in the last sitting of the Senate committee was to realize that one of the nine to attend . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , one honourable senators . 
therefore , it cannot see you that I am nice ? 
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research . 
one must accept the , a job when they do . 
the women who have proven sitting on the Senate . 
they have much more that the majority of the men remplissaient them in the Senate . 
i remember that the committee held for the veterans of meetings in 1998 , on February . 
the House of Commons are sitting in the Senate Ni or the time . 
the Liberals have three of the Senate committee sat in the proceedings of all , women . 
the leadership of the Senate committee could not find it to a man . 
i could cite the words , words , to answer the question I asked senator Carstairs took him . 
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
in 1993 that it was struck by the parliamentary associations . 
at the time of men were only formées delegations . The 
on this issue in the Senate , for a number of years it has been replaced by Finestone . 
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred . 
i do not know how this honourable House senators , or when about these two reports will be decision . 
the verdict is that each on television senators . 
by a or any group of students , or to journalists wondered . 
if we do that ? 
it is true , I believe it . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a senator in a position to accept or any part of a committee meetings , it should carry . 
we must not be in the members of the corridors said : 
do you today and in committee , " Présentez after two years , we will vote in a committee to study final '' . 
they do not even know what they came to power , they are viewed to them when they stand stand . 
they do not know what happened no . 
the words " and " honourable senators '' , " is the way in our dedication continuité speech . 
over the next two weeks , we will look at the beginning to address the independent how senators . 
i do not do that , if we as parliamentarians who are concerned about the créerai my own world affairs committee . 
we try to no one can . 
the Speaker : the Honour 
if you do not speak , like other hon. Senator adopt the motion , is it the pleasure of Senate and honourable ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to ) 
