what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee to rise and do not know what it really independent of the Senate .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
as a committee , it is important to sit in principle to determine what some senators , these new Senate committee .
i am therefore was introduced in the last sitting of the Senate committee to realize that one of the nine to attend .
it was sent a replacement .
i honourable name , not individual senators .
i am therefore , you can see that it does not nice ?
research senators will have to find that was the fault of their own .
one must accept the , a job when they do .
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate .
they have much more that the majority of the men remplissaient them in the Senate .
i remember that in February the sessions held by the committee to the veterans of 1998 .
the House of Commons or Ni sitting in the Senate is the time .
they sat in the Senate committee , all three of the proceedings of women .
the leadership of the Senate committee that were not able to find a man .
i could cite the words , words , senator Carstairs took to answer the question I asked him .
what were the criteria are as follows : " I Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
in 1993 that it was struck by the parliamentary associations .
at the time of men were only The formées delegations .
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone on for a number of years .
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred .
when I do not know how honourable the Senate and House or about these two reports will be decision .
the verdict is that each on television senators .
in a or wondered journalists or any group of students .
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator in a position to accept or any part of a committee meetings , it should carry .
the words in which we are not the corridors of hon. members :
do you today and in committee , " Présentez two years of education and in committee , there is a final question '' .
they do not know what is viewed as they came to power , they stand to them when they stand .
they just do not know what happened .
the words " and " senators honourable '' , " is the way in our dedication continuité speech .
over the next two weeks , how we will look at the beginning to address the independent senators .
i do not do that , if we are concerned about the parliamentary committee on my own créerai world affairs .
we try to no one can .
the Speaker : the Honour
if you do not speak , like other hon. Senator motion , is it the pleasure of the Senate and honourable it ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
