honourable senators here , last Tuesday , what happened ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee and do not know how to rise in the Senate independent too .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important to a committee , as some senators sit , supposedly to determine what these new Senate committee .
i am therefore was introduced in the last sitting of the committees of the Senate to realize that a new indeed .
it was sent a replacement .
i honourable name , not individual senators .
i am therefore that you can see , did he not nice ?
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research .
when one is to accept it , do the job .
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate .
they have much more that the majority of the men remplissaient them in the Senate .
i remember that in February the sessions held by the committee to the veterans of 1998 .
the House of Commons or Ni sitting in the Senate is the time .
the Liberals have three of the Senate committee sat in the proceedings of all , women .
the leadership of the Senate is a man was to get this committee .
i could cite the words , words , senator Carstairs took to answer the question I asked him .
what were the criteria are as follows : " I Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
in 1993 that it was struck by the parliamentary associations .
at the time of men were only formées Les delegations .
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone on for a number of years .
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred .
i do not know how decision , when the House or about these two reports will be honourable senators .
the verdict is that each on television senators .
by a group of , or journalists wondered or any of students .
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator in a position to accept or a part of it all the committee , he should carry meetings .
we must not be in the members of the corridors said :
do you today and in committee Présentez two years of education , and we will vote in committee , " a final '' .
they do not know what is viewed as they came to power , they stand to them when they stand .
they just do not know what happened .
the words " and " and " continuité honourable way in our commitment to the speech senators are '' .
over the next two weeks , how we will look at the beginning to address the independent senators .
if we are not only a parliamentary committee , I would be interested in my own créerai of the world affairs .
we try to no one can .
the Speaker : the Honour
if any other hon. Senator wishes to speak , you will adopt the motion , is it the pleasure of Senate and honourable ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
