what has happened here , last Tuesday , honourable Senate ?
a selection committee was achievement .
yesterday I attended a meeting of the first to committee .
i am surprised that the committee to rise and make it does not really know what independent senators .
i am not so that concern for the time .
the selection committee can show some impact .
over the next two years in the work that undertaking a senator .
it is important to a committee , sit in principle to determine what these new Senate committee , as some senators .
i am therefore was introduced in the last sitting of the Senate committee to realize that one of the nine to attend .
it was sent a replacement .
i honourable name , not individual senators .
i am therefore that you can see , did he not nice ?
the Senate will have to find that had been because their own research .
one must accept the , a job when they do .
the women who have proven sitting in the Senate .
they have much more that the majority of the men remplissaient them in the Senate .
i remember that the committee held for the veterans of meetings in 1998 , on February .
the House of Commons or Ni sitting in the Senate is the time .
the Liberals have three of the Senate committee sat in the proceedings of all , women .
the leadership of the Senate committee that were not able to find a man .
i could cite the words , words , senator Carstairs took to answer the question I asked him .
the criteria are as follows : " I asked was Quels ? "
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report .
in 1993 that it was struck by the parliamentary associations .
at the time of men were only The formées delegations .
in this regard , I have been replaced by Senator Finestone on for a number of years .
however , I look forward to enter the my association has preferred .
when I do not know how honourable the Senate and House or about these two reports will be decision .
the verdict is that each on television senators .
in a or any group or journalists wondered of students .
if we do that ?
it is true , I believe it .
however , it should be translated in fact .
i do not believe in the alternative .
if a senator in a position to accept or any part of a committee meetings , it should carry .
we must not be in the members of the corridors said :
do you today and in committee , " Présentez after two years , we will vote in a committee to study final '' .
they do not know what they are viewed as stand to them , but when they stand out their leaders .
they just do not know what happened .
the words " and " senators honourable '' , " is the way in our dedication continuité speech .
over the next two weeks , how we will look at the beginning to address the independent senators .
i do not do that , if we as parliamentarians who are concerned about the my own créerai world affairs committee .
we try to no one can .
the Speaker : the Honour
if you do not speak , like other hon. Senator honourable , is it the pleasure of Senate and adopt the motion ?
some hon. members :
in agreement .
( motions deemed adopted , the report and agreed to )
